Jumble Sale
It is a rainy day and the
school roof has a hole in it.
Children!
We are going to
have a jumble sale.
The money we raise will pay for
a new school roof.
Horray!
Everyone has to bring something
for the jumble sale.
What should we bring?
You can bring an old toy or
something you don't use anymore.
The parents have arrived
to pick up the children.
Home time!
Don't forget your old toys
forthe jumble sale tomorrow.
Peppa is choosing a toy
for the jumble sale.
Peppa, have you decided?
Ummm...
You only have to choose one toy.
Yes, and it will help pay
for a new school roof.
Ok. I'm going to give...
Mr. Dinosaur!
Waaaaaaaaa!
Mr. Dinosaur is
George's favourite toy.
Peppa, you can't
give away Mr. Dinosaur.
Can't I?
No.
Oh bother! Sorry, George.
Dine-saw.
Why don't you give
your old jack-in-a-box.
Ok.
Now, it's your turn, Daddy!
What?
We must all give something to
the jumble sale.
I'm giving this hat and
George is giving this ball.
So what shall Daddy give?
I know, the television?
Not the telly!
No! It's too useful.
Ummmm, I know.
Daddy's smelly slippers?
No! Too smelly.
I know! Daddy's old chair.
But that's an antique.
What does an-tique mean?
Antique means it's
very old and valuable.
But you found it on
a rubbish tip, Daddy Pig.
It's worthless.
It'll be worth a lot of
money when I mend it.
You've been saying
that for ages, Daddy Pig.
I know, I'll give these,
lovely socks that
Granny Pig made me.
Good!
I've come to collect yourthings
forthe jumble sale.
Here they are.
Thank you!
And would you
like this old chair?
Oh, most generous! Good-bye.
Bye bye.
Mummy,
you gave away Daddy. S chair.
Shhh! Don't tell him.
He'll never notice.
It is the day of
the jumble sale.
Hello.
Hello, Miss Rabbit.
Peppa! How about this chair?
It's a bit rubbish
but you can chop it up
and use it for firewood.
But it' an antique.
Is it?
Daddy says it's
worth lots of money.
Well, I never.
I'd better put the price up.
Bye.
Hello, everyone.
Hello, Peppa.
What did you give, Suzy?
I gave my nurse's outfit.
I gave my parrot balloon.
I gave my toy monkey.
I will miss my jack-in-a-box.
Can I buy this jack-in-abox,
please?
And I'd like
this nurse's outfit.
The parrot balloon, please.
Mummy, mummy,
look what we've bought.
All your old toys!
We missed them.
Look what I've bought!
Lt. S an antique chair!
Oh, Daddy Pig!
That's not an antique chair.
It is! Miss Rabbit just said so.
And it matches my old one.
Yes, Daddy, that's because...
Shhh! Peppa.
...it is your old chair.
What?
But Miss Rabbit has just
charged me lots of money for it!
Fantasic news, everybody.
We have just
raised all the money
we need fora new school roof.
Horray!
Thank you, Daddy Pig.
You're most welcome.